text.usetex          : False
mathtext.default     : regular

font.serif           : Arial, sans-serif
font.sans-serif      : Arial, sans-serif
font.cursive         : Arial, sans-serif
font.size            : 8
figure.titlesize     : medium
legend.fontsize      : medium
axes.titlesize       : medium
axes.labelsize       : medium
xtick.labelsize      : medium
ytick.labelsize      : medium

image.interpolation   : nearest
image.resample        : False
image.composite_image : True

axes.spines.left     : True
axes.spines.bottom   : True
axes.spines.top      : False
axes.spines.right    : False
axes.facecolor        : 'white'

axes.linewidth       : 1.0
xtick.major.width    : 1.0
xtick.minor.width    : 1.0
ytick.major.width    : 1.0
ytick.minor.width    : 1.0
lines.linewidth      : 1.0
lines.markersize     : 3.0

legend.frameon       : False

savefig.facecolor    : 'white'

pdf.fonttype         : 42

figure.max_open_warning : 0